azure ai agents beta3 (#34442)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-agents/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.3 (2025-05-20)

### Features Added

> - Adding `runs.createAndPoll` function using `@azure/core-lro` package
> - Adding `resumeFrom` option for polling operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `runs.createAndPoll` method that automatically polls for the result.
- Adds `resumeFrom` option in polling operations.
```
